# MicroJournal

Bash script for personal desktop microjournaling.

## About microjournaling

Microjournal is a one-liner journal. It's similar to microblogging but meant to
be used privately on your computer.

## About MicroJournal

MicroJournal is a simple script that allows you daily microjournaling. It is 
still in early stages, and it doesn't have a large featureset, but it gets the
job done. It is self-contained and will run on any platform which has Bash
shell, and the Linux-compatible date utility.

## Download

Get MicroJournal directly from GitHub:

    * [latest stable](https://raw.github.com/foxbunny/MicroJournal/8731117b28960dcc22ec54d0a417876a8e5cc115/microj)
    * [development version](https://raw.github.com/foxbunny/MicroJournal/master/microj)

For example:

    curl https://raw.github.com/foxbunny/MicroJournal/master/microj > ~/usr/bin/microj
    chmod +x ~/usr/bin/microj

gets you the latest development version.

## How to use

Copy microj script to any directory you want, and put its path in PATH. Make
sure it is executable.

To add a new entry, simply type:

    microj "Your entry"

If your entry contains spaces, make sure it is quoted.

To use microj interactively, start it by typing ``microj`` with no arguments,
and it will list today's entries, and display a menu below. The menu itself
should be self-explanatory.

## Changelog

### v0.3

* Fixed midnight bug where new entries in microj that was open before 
  midnight would be written to yesterday's journal instead of today's even
  if new entry is made after midnight
* Restore terminal output after quitting from interactive mode
* Fixed quoting issues
* Some internal code cleanup

### v0.2

* Added search functionality
* Added full/short view with toggle option
* Changed data file extension to .microj (rename your files)
* Removed "Bye!" message when quitting

### v0.1

* First working implementation

## License

This software is released under GNU GPL v3. You can see the full text of the
license [on the GNU website](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt), or 
in the LICENSE file.
